hi I'm Gina from Best Buy and I'm my
computer installer with the geek squad
we're here today hopefully to take some
of the confusion out of the transition
to digital television in a nutshell
television broadcast signals will become
all digital by February 17 2009 what
does that mean think of it like this up
till now TV signals have been analog
waves broadcast from towers and received
by home antennas to be displayed on
analog TVs simple but limited and it
uses a lot of bandwidth but with digital
technology TV signals and lots of other
information are broadcast more
efficiently and you get better picture
and better sound now for the real
question what does this digital
television transition mean for you at
BestBuy we're hearing all kinds of
things like do I need a special antenna
do I have to buy an HDTV and how much is
this gonna cost me the good news is that
most people won't have to do anything at
all right if you get your TV by cable or
satellite it's all taken care for re-up
stream just turn on and tune in likewise
if you have a digital television HD or
standard def it's more than likely got a
digital tuner built in so you can
receive digital broadcast signals
anywhere however if you have an analog
TV just your basic TV even a couple
years old and you use a set-top a
rooftop antenna to pull down the
reception then you will need to take
action you have three options and we can
help you with all of them you can
subscribe to digital provider like cable
if it's available in your area or
satellite which works just about
anywhere you can upgrade to an HD or
standard definition digital TV with a
digital tuner built in or you can buy a
converter box here's more good news you
can get coupons through the federal TV
converter box program which should
defray most if not all the cost of a box
or two for your household we have the
converter boxes at Best Buy if you don't
see him display just ask someone in a
blue shirt like me for help the
converter box is real simple
and so is the hook up your old antenna
rabbit ears or roof top will receive the
new DTV signal just like it received the
old analog signal but now the signal
passes through this converter box so the
antenna connects to the antenna in jack
on the converter box
next take the double-ended cable
supplied with the box and connect one
end to the out two TV jack on the
converter box and the other end to the
antenna in Jack on your TV another
option is to use RCA composite cables
between
converter box and the TV and that's it
piece of cake huh easy for an installer
to say if you have any questions about
DTV need help installing a converter box
or have technology needs of any kind
please come see us at Best Buy or call
the Geek Squad anytime we're here to
help